Docs of CamelCase (#6684)
cakephp/docs: en/development/routing.rst

``$this->request->getParam('prefix')``

When using prefix routes it's important to set the ``prefix`` option, and to

> use the same camel-cased format that is used in the ``prefix()`` method. Here's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the sameCamelCased format that is used in the ``prefix()`` method. Here's
```

Should we be consistent everywhere? If we're going to commit to the style, let's do it, right?

Author: There is a Whitespace issue

.. note::

>     The prefix is always camel-cased here, even if the routing result is dashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The prefix is always CamelCased here, even if the routing result is dashed.
```
